Add Cohere Provider (#34921)
mistercrunch/Airflow: CONTRIBUTING.rst

* The `Airflow CWiki <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/Airflow+Home?src=breadcrumbs>`_ for:
   * detailed discussions on big proposals (Airflow Improvement Proposals also name AIPs)
   * helpful, shared resources (for example Apache Airflow logos

>    * information that can be re-used by others (for example instructions on preparing workshops)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * information that can be reused by others (for example instructions on preparing workshops)
```
Nit, but this isn't hyphenated.
